we decided to celebrate it early we went
out of the street this afternoon we
asked young people what's the worst
thing he ever did that your dad doesn't
know about and we had them answer the
question while their dads were standing
right there what is the worst thing
you've done that your dad doesn't know
about
stole 20 bucks from where his wallet
taken from her dad's wallet over the
years maybe 80 bucks you know what mm
police officer I actually thought my
wife was doing it so yeah what is the
worst thing you've done that your dad
doesn't know about um remember this
semester in college whenever I was
really sick and I wanted you to come get
me and get a hotel room oh yeah for one
night I was really hungover that morning
that's right drink well sorry you drink
who are you drinking with I didn't know
you were drinking
oh honey supposed to be drinking down
there mom was saying I needed to drive
all the way down to college for one
night get her a hotel room cuz she had
diarrhea what is the worst thing you've
done that your dad does not know about
the worst thing that I've done when I
was in high school the first time I did
anything provocative with my girlfriend
was in the back of your car
there was no clothes on your mind right
now well he just he just was in the
seminary so that shocked me he just left
the seminary this is before that this
was this was my good Sunday I wasn't
worried about this one it was the other
one I was worried about what have you
done that your dad doesn't know about
well it's not really bad it's just that
on Christmas well I know saying the
cause is real
come on he circles a room the worst
thing you've done that your dad doesn't
know about what is the worst thing I've
done
I had a big idea in high school that you
found but I never used it but I did
facilitate my entire senior class and I
still getting their fake IDs and I had
to ship money off to China and it's
respectful
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape